Update README.md (#29)
studyportals/CodeStyle: README.md

> By extending from the linting config files in CodeStyle you are ensuring that you are using the same configuration as we use in our CodeClimate configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
By extending from the linting config files in CodeStyle you are ensuring that you are using the same configuration as we use in our Super Linter configuration.
```
